# Deferred decisions
## Hide full error stack
Hide error details when it occurs.

# Decisions
## Move from JAKSON to GSON library
As it stand there is no simple clean way to ignore JSON fields dynamically using jakson, we'll have to either implement a viewer or explicitly list the fields to be excluded. Since most of the fields from the response I'm excluding I'm more interested in a dynamic exclussion strategy gson offers that.
## In case of error on parsing return a Pokemon with null values rather than a null pokemon



# Production consideration
## Revisit the spring boot setup
A lot of spring boot autogenerated initial setup, might not be suitable for large production grade environment, but this can be slowly replaced.
## Organise request/responses in full objects
Depending on the future of this service. Might want to have the req/resp and objects dinamically generted from the swagger rather than manual parsing of the JSON response
## Multiple details
When requesting details for a Pokemon there are multiple versions of tests returned, currently just picking random most convinient. might want to find more appropriate set of business rules.
## Improve text cleanup
When receiving results from pokemon info service sometimes there are bad characters. Currently only new lines are replaced, but this can be improved.
## Granular error control
A more detailed exception handling, with more informational messages, for now just wrapper to have the control and hide internal errors for details.
## JAR or WAR 
Depending on production deploy strategy might change the build to a WAR file
## Add UAT/Operation testing to the pipeline
Add e2e testing where service is tested as a whole (i.e. deployd jar)
## Monitoring
Add solution for service monitoring, health and performance.
## Caching
Add a cahing solution (i.e. redis) between the service and the external APIs, especially funtranslate. This is relativelly static data and could provide major benefits from caching.